The person who brought me here.
PREVIOUSLY
Who is she?
I reviewed the blueprint.
You were right.
You don't take elevators?
I just…
It feels stuffy, I can't see outside.
Watch where you're going.
Will you stay like this?
-You know what tomorrow is?
-Forget it if you can.
I no longer remember.
I have to remember,
because it's my fault.
Only 48 people? No.
That many.
It'll be 18 million won.
-The memorial you destroyed.
-I never said I did.
I'll let it go. But I have one condition.
-You didn't ask why I destroyed it.
-I don't care about the past.
I'm more concerned
with what you'll do from now on.
Help.
Help!
I'm here.
Hey, watch out!
No!
Help me!
Somebody help me!
Should I trust people around me
when I'm in danger?
I won't do that.
When faced with death,
people only look out for themselves.
Mr. Seo wants to see you.
We're in charge
of making models of all the buildings.
Get to know the blueprints.
We'll go on site to check for any changes.
-Okay.
-Contact our employee on-site and…
Oh.
I forgot to introduce you today.
I'll call him this time.
You don't have to worry.
-Sorry?
-I know you'll do a good job.
I'm a good judge of character.
By the way,
what's the name of the employee on-site?
Which zone are you headed to?
Let me through.
-Sorry?
-Just let me through.
Hey, you!
-What are you doing?
-Lee Gang-du.
-What?
-"Hey, you!"
My name Is Lee Gang-du.
Which zone are you going to?
B.
Record what happens on-site.
Keep a thorough record. I'll be the judge.
Why do you need to do that?
In the accident 12 years ago,
a total of 11 workers died on-site.
The people who said
there were no problems weren't there.
Hey!
The ones who stayed
to fix the problems became victims.
People who only wanted
to grab some soju after work.
You think this is a convenience store?
Call before you come over.
I saw that jerk again today.
What did we conclude
after ruining our livers all night?
Like the old saying,
every man is a child or a dog.
So I want to avoid him,
but now I have to work with him.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know what came first.
His bad personality or his messed up life.
He's totally self-centered.
I feel like he'll drag me
through the mud if we get involved.
Be careful.
How so?
People aren't attracted
to good and proper things.
They're attracted to something bad.
Just like mothers
tell their kids not to eat dirt,
but kids eat it anyway.
That's ridiculous.
People do ridiculous things
even when they're told not to.
What are you saying? I should be wary
of good people because they're good
and wary of bad people
because they're bad?
I won't be with anyone, then.
You're a tramp.
What?
Your friend is all heartbroken
and you're thinking about
dating every guy you meet?
That's not what I meant.
-Come on, Wan-jin.
-Date them, then.
You should, because you can.
I want to be a tramp, too.
I'm going to fool around.
I'll have a wild life.
You should. A wild cartoonist sounds cool.
Should I draw a wild X-rated series now?
Wan-jin, are you okay?
Look at me.
Wan-jin!
You had a temporary spasm,
but your blood pressure is high.
It could be autonomic dysfunction.
Paraplegics show this symptom
when exposed to harmful stimuli.
I'd like to keep her here tonight.
Check her blood pressure hourly.
If it's over 150,
give her an anti-hypertensive.
Okay.
It's the alcohol.
A healthy person would get sick
if they drank that much.
-What was I thinking?
-Stop it.
This isn't your fault.
You didn't make me drink. I did it myself.
I should have stopped you.
I'm okay, you should go now.
You didn't go home last night.
Your mom will worry.
I can't leave you here alone.
-Should I call your parents?
-That would really get me into trouble.
This has happened before.
You're making a big fuss.
It's making me feel like I'm really sick.
Go home.
Excuse me.
-Is something wrong with Wan-jin?
-It's not that.
I was wondering if we've met before.
I'm not sure.
I don't think so.
I'm sorry.
It's almost healed.
It won't leave a scar.
Why are you smiling?
So you won't be mad at me.
-So you feel bad?
-Of course I do.
But I'm proud of you.
You controlled your temper.
You said I'd know when not to lose it.
If I had,
it would have put the girl on the spot.
It seems that teaching you was worth it.
That's the job.
If you're impatient,
your body suffers and you won't get paid.
Taking someone else's money
isn't easy, is it?
The girls may look relaxed and happy,
but they can't work without their pills.
Right. Did you talk to Mama today?
No.
The girls went to get their medication,
but the store was closed.
I wonder if she's okay. She rarely closes.
Granny?
Granny!
Why would you break down my door?
Who else would come in
and check you hadn't died alone?
Did you run out of pills already?
It's not that.
You didn't open today
and everyone asked about you.
You have loyal customers. Good for you.
Jeez.
I can't even take a day off
because of all you pill-poppers.
-So what's the matter?
-What do you think?
I've used this body for a long time.
No wonder it's breaking down.
What did you spend all your money on?
Look at this place. It's so shabby.
Why would I waste money on it?
I can't take it with me when I die.
You think money is any different?
Stop nagging and just go.
No.
I'm sleeping here tonight.
I've been working all day
and I'm exhausted.
Don't wake me.
You brat! It's already cramped in here.
So lose some weight, old lady.
Shut up and go to sleep.
You know they started building
where the shopping mall used to be?
Of course I do.
The property value shot up
because of all that fuss.
I work there now.
It was just a coincidence.
Coincidence, my foot.
Can't you get a job somewhere else?
You're crazy.
Why the hell would you work there?
Maybe it's fate.
MOKSAN CITY HOSPITAL
I told you I was fine
going home by myself.
I wasn't fine with it.
But you just got the job.
Shouldn't you be there
during office hours?
I told you
that my boss is a very nice man.
As long as I do my job well,
he doesn't mind.
You're bragging about guys yet again.
Can you move a bit closer?
What the hell?
Jeez. Here's another one.
-Hang on.
-Darn.
Mind if I touch you?
I'm going to need to touch you.
Thank you.
Why did you do that?
Get in.
You could just say thank you.
Gang-du.
Anyway, that's not why I did it.
Can we go now?
Yes, I'm sorry.
What was that?
I know you can get in the car by yourself.
You let a stranger carry you.
It wasn't like that.
He offered
and I didn't want to be rude and say no.
I see him everywhere.
Wait, you know him? How?
I don't want to get involved with him.
-The guy you talked about last night?
-Yes.
I always knew you had bad taste in men,
but this time, I'm glad you do.
I call dibs on him.
I hope that doctor isn't his girlfriend.
Do you know that woman?
-Yes.
-How?
From work.
-Do you know her too?
-No.
Why are you here?
Can you make some time for me this week?
Why?
Someone I know is sick.
They won't come to the hospital.
Can you come and take a look?
You came all this way to ask me.
I assume it's not just some acquaintance.
-Are you two close?
-Yes.
-It's a woman?
What?
Am I not allowed to know women?
I'll check my schedule and call you.
Just call me next time. Don't come here.
Why?
Do I embarrass you?
You have to ask?
Go.
So-mi. Are you still mad at me?
The other day, I--
The other day,
I said you looked awful because you did.
Do you know why I pack my own lunch?
Not just to save money.
I do it so I can use my lunchtime.
While the others go out,
I remove my makeup and do it again.
It cracks in the afternoon.
I put a lot of effort into my appearance,
so you can't criticize my looks.
You don't get to.
I understand,
but we have to work together, so--
You should put this on, at least.
Why don't you care?
Three seconds. Your skin loses moisture
three seconds after you wash it.
-Did you just laugh at me?
-No--
Girls who can't do makeup
think those who can are superficial.
I guess they think we're beneath them.
Actually, they're just lazy.
Will you excavate the site by blasting?
The ground is quite hard,
but the underground water level is high.
So I'm not sure.
We need to test the hollow walls.
Why not drill holes…
I'm sorry. I overstepped.
Keep doing that.
I agree with you.
How are the new blueprints?
I haven't examined
that area of the site yet.
I should check it out first.
Well, I have a meeting
with the contractor tomorrow.
-I'll move things around.
-That won't be necessary.
She can come with me.
I'm going there too. Hanyeong Tech
will be there for an inspection.
See you tomorrow.
Okay.
Didn't you already select
the firm for ground investigation?
-The on-site manager said--
-Excuse me.
Ms. Ha.
Yes, sir?
I liked the new model you made.
You saw it?
It's exactly what I had in mind.
It'll be very useful for the design work.
I'm glad to hear it.
SANHO PUBLIC BATHS
I could've given you a ride.
-You're not avoiding me, are you?
-No, I came straight from home.
You're ignoring me?
Ignore me in the street if you want,
but you don't need to ignore me here.
We're not exactly happy
to see each other, are we?
Do you two know each other?
-Yes.
-No.
Are you from the head office?
-The president of Hanyeong Tech is here.
-Tell him to wait for a bit.
I need to see this first.
Sure.
Wait in the management office.
You need a pass for Zone B.
Shall we?
The management office is that way.
Let's check it out on the way.
They did reinforcements
because of the water. Let's check--
Why do we have to do that?
It's the contractor's job.
We should take a look while we're here.
Don't you think you're overdoing it
to impress Mr. Seo?
You didn't tell me
we were coming here today.
I'm wearing uncomfortable shoes
and sunscreen with a low SPF.
I thought Mr. Seo told you.
He did.
This morning.
I didn't come prepared like you.
Give me the bag. I can go by myself.
She's so condescending.
DANGER, RESTRICTED AREA
MEMORIAL FOR THE MALL COLLAPSE
When will you repair it?
It was a subcontractor.
They are saying they weren't responsible.
-So they'll just leave it like this?
-I'm not sure.
Why don't you ask Mr. Seo?
-You shouldn't have it, it's useless.
-"Useless"?
Don't you know what happened here?
We can't pretend nothing--
Because that would make you
uncomfortable, right?
I get it.
"Lee Gang-du."
Ms. Jung.
The president of Hanyeong Tech
has been waiting a while.
If you understand it so well, you should
also know how to make this useful.
What do you mean by "useful"?
-Let's go.
-Okay.
IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS
OF THE TRAGIC ACCIDENT
DANGER, OPEN SHAFT
Why are you alone?
-Where is she?
-I don't know.
-Call her.
-I don't have her number.
We're not that close.
You don't have your co-worker's number?
Where did you last see her?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Can anyone hear me?
Hello?
Mommy.
Anyone?
Help.
Is anyone there?
Hello?
Can anybody hear me?
Help.
Please. Can anybody hear me?
DANGER, RESTRICTED AREA
Damn.
What are you doing?
Take my hand.
Here we go.
That's not…
No, wait.
Why didn't you do anything?
-Sorry?
-When you were down there.
Instead of screaming for help,
you were sitting there
like you were waiting to die.
Should I have let you die?
-No--
-No?
Why didn't you bring
your co-worker with you?
What if I had?
You said not to trust anyone.
You said that, when faced with death,
everyone only looks out for themselves.
Jeez.
Damn.
I'm already wet.
We're even now, okay?
You helped me before,
in that alley.
You knew?
You can walk, right?
So you were aware of that,
when I almost got hit by a motorbike?
Why didn't you say so?
If you can chat, you can certainly walk.
Wait for me!
Mun-su.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Are you going looking like that?
You knew it was a restricted area
and you let her go?
Of course not.
And it's not like I forced her to go.
-Why do you care?
-Why do I care?
She insisted on going by herself.
So how could I stop her?
Seriously,
it's not my fault that she went.
You should mind your own business.
Right.
Who you like or don't like
isn't my business.
But listen.
It's different if you put someone
in danger because you don't like them.
I mean, that's…
No one should just ignore it.
Get in. I'm going back to the office.
No, thank you. I can take the bus.
Are you sure?
I'm not going to ask again.
You should go with her.
I'm sorry I messed up the schedule today.
-What?
-Take all that stuff.
Do you expect her to carry all of that?
Let's go.
-Sorry?
-You said you were going to take the bus.
Which is your bus?
Do you live far?
A little.
Seoyeon-dong. Do you know where that is?
I've heard of it.
My family runs a sauna.
That must be nice.
It's called Sanho Public Baths.
Are you trying to get me
to come for a bath?
No, we don't have a male bath.
It's for women only.
Even better.
You're not taking the bus?
I'm going home too.
You live around here?
But last time…
You scared me.
Didn't you get on the bus?
No, thanks. I don't like sweet things.
It's really good.
I'll have a taste.
Gang-du!
Gang-du! Yeah!
He doesn't give that to anyone but me.
Who is she?
Your girlfriend?
Don't be ridiculous.
Here, it's all yours.
Wait.
I did think that I could die in there.
Sorry?
But it's not that I wanted to die.
That's good.
Thank you.
Thank you for saving me.
And for this.
Gang-du, let's go. The light turned green.
I thought we were done talking.
Yes, about work.
Let's not meet outside work.
I feel uncomfortable.
I'm doing this to make you uncomfortable.
It's better than if you were fine.
-Yu-jin.
-It's nice to hear you say my name.
Say it again.
Don't do this.
-You and I--
-What's the problem?
Do you think it's good
for two people to date, get married
and become an old couple
who have lost interest in each other?
That's what most people do.
I don't want to do that. It's dull.
A relationship like ours
is more thrilling.
Thrilling?
That doesn't last.
Could you tell your father
we're seeing each other?
If you can't tell your loved ones
about the relationship,
it's better not to start it.
It's different if you put someone
in danger because you don't like them.
I mean, that's…
No one should ignore it.
Take my hand.
Why didn't you do anything?
Instead of screaming for help,
you sat there
like you were waiting to die.
Should I have just let you die?
Mom.
-Yes?
-Aren't you tired of it?
What do you mean?
You wear that dress 365 days a year.
It's because I'm always in here.
Let's go shopping tomorrow.
It's Sunday tomorrow,
the busiest day of the week. We can't go.
You always worry about every little thing.
What's up with you?
Did something happen?
-Yes.
-What is it?
My point is,
don't put off doing what you want--
You should go.
Go out before it gets colder.
You can't run this place alone.
Don't worry. I'll manage.
Right?
Of course.
You can do anything if you have to.
No, another time.
Why not?
Yun-ok, it's foolish
to put things off at our age.
Another time? When?
Who knows if you'll still be alive then?
You should go, okay?
Go.
Do you like this?
It's nice.
Try it on.
No, it's fine. Let's go.
Hey.
We should go home and help with the work.
You didn't buy any clothes.
Let's have a nice meal, at least.
No, it's fine.
I want to eat here, okay?
Take a look.
My goodness.
You've ordered too much.
Put down your phone.
Do you have to do that when we're out?
Leave her be. That's what she always does.
Just order anything.
Like what?
-Now…
-Huh?
Never mind. Let's see.
What do you want to eat?
Now,
my family won't be able
to spend those ordinary days together,
and that thought sank deep in my heart.
SEONGJI PRINTING
You were the woman
Gang-du said he was close to?
Well, I'm not a man, am I?
We don't change gender when we get old.
So what's bothering you?
Gosh.
-Just put this drip on me.
-This is illegal.
Don't you know what I do here?
Do it so your brother
will get off my back.
Don't sell him any more pills
without a prescription.
If I don't, then what?
He's got bad credit.
How else will he get his medication?
He can't come to a place like this.
His sister is a doctor.
He should be ashamed.
Why should he be?
You think you became a doctor
all by yourself?
Even with his wrecked body, he worked
his fingers to the bone to support you.
Ouch!
You're so arrogant,
yet you can't even insert an IV.
How many times must you poke me?
-I can't find a good vein.
-Palpate the veins. Try again.
Gosh.
Take it out now.
Good.
Don't go blabbing about it.
How is she?
She's feeling weak, so I gave her an IV.
That's a relief.
She can easily stick a needle in herself.
You didn't need to come.
She seemed healthy
when she pressured us to pay our debt.
-She's aged.
-She's still got a sharp tongue.
-Let's get something to eat.
-Aren't you going in?
No, you said she's fine.
It didn't rain much last year,
but there's too much underground water.
Also, the slope is quite steep,
but the safety nets are too weak.
Are you okay?
-Sorry?
-So-mi told me what happened.
You weren't going to tell me?
-It's no big deal.
-Still.
If anything happens to you again,
I'd like to hear it from you.
Hearing about you from someone else…
doesn't feel good.
I felt bad anyway, for not going with you.
Are you really okay?
Yes.
Good.
So, underground water?
The ground investigation seemed okay,
but let's check again.
I didn't mean for it to happen.
-I know.
-I really didn't.
I thought you'd be fine.
I said, I know.
If you had known,
you wouldn't have let me go.
This is for you.
I thought you ran out.
I have something for you too.
All-in-one face cream.
Use it after washing your face,
nothing else.
It's perfect for me.
You know we're having
a team dinner tonight?
An impromptu team dinner on a Monday?
That's not fair, some of us have a life.
What do you think is more important,
our schedule or the client's?
Why are we having a team dinner?
Ms. Jung wants to meet
everyone on the team.
Yeah, right.
She's already met all of us.
She's just using us.
She's still hung up on Mr. Seo
and needs an excuse to see him.
Then why did they break up?
Wasn't she the one that dumped him?
I heard you went to the site.
You still made it on time.
Yeah.
We meet again, Mr. Lee Gang-du.
-You know him?
-I certainly do.
But I didn't know you two were close.
You wanted to meet everyone.
You'll see him on-site quite a bit.
Let's go inside.
How do you know Yu-jin?
I barely do.
I met her once at the site.
She asked if we were going
to repair the memorial or tear it down.
She asked you?
I know, right?
Why did she ask me that?
I told her to ask you instead.
Do you think she knows you're the one
who smashed the memorial?
I'm not sure. I don't think so.
Mr. Seo.
Let's go in, shall we?
What is this?
-What the hell are you doing--
-He's my employee at the site.
Hey.
Sit down! Don't stand in front of me.
Sit down, everyone.
The finance director
will take care of the bill,
so help yourselves.
Mun-su, get the menu.
Okay.
-Can you bring us some water, too?
-Okay.
We don't have the money to spend on that.
Just get rid of it.
It's been reported in the press.
We can use the reserve funds.
Some crazy jerk smashed it.
Why do we have to pay?
You're the one
who insisted on erecting a memorial,
and you jumped at the idea
and designed it.
It's your mistake, so you deal with it.
Don't whine about it to me!
We should really find out
who the crazy jerk was.
More importantly,
we should find out
why they did it.
It's obvious.
They want to make it an issue again
after so long. Just ignore them.
If you apologize, they'll only try
to squeeze more money out of us.
-Don't let them think they have a chance.
-Stop.
-Let's talk about it at work, not here.
-Be quiet.
It was the same before.
It was the architect's mistake,
but we apologized
and compensated the families.
-Why do we--
-Ouch.
I'm sorry.
-I put too much meat on the grill.
-Because you're not paying for it.
You shouldn't have tried
to grill so much meat at once.
It's not just for me.
You told me to grill some for you,
you didn't want the smoke.
Is your hand okay?
It had better be, I guess.
Don't worry. I'm not going to whine
and ask you to compensate me.
Does anyone want soda?
Mun-su.
-Why did you bring this?
-I thought you weren't coming back.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize to me.
It's stuffy in there.
It's nice to get some air.
MEDICINE
-Where is Mr. Seo?
-I don't know.
Thank you for the food.
I don't think a laborer like me
should be here,
so I'll get going.
Oh, God!
I guess I got drunk from those drink.
I'm sorry, sir.
No, I'm fine, really.
I can just take the bus.
Let me drive you home. I insist.
Get in.
All right.
Sorry I couldn't help you.
You didn't come to do chores.
Excuse me?
Oh, it's okay.
You didn't look okay.
I'm fine, really.
Do you know that you smile
when you feel awkward or uncomfortable?
-I do?
-See? You're doing it again.
If I ask why, you won't tell me, will you?
I didn't think so.
Thank you.
FEATURES OF A GOOD PLOT OF LAND
SANHO PUBLIC BATHS
She asked if we were going
to repair the memorial or tear it down.
She asked you?
Do you think she knows
you're the one who smashed the memorial?
GALAXY INN
SHORT-TERM RENTALS AVAILABLE
Where are you going so early?
I couldn't sleep.
You're having trouble sleeping these days.
-Have breakfast before you go.
-Don't worry. Go back to sleep.
Hey, wait.
You can't work on an empty stomach.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
What the hell?
Did I surprise you?
What do you think?
Aren't you surprised
to see me without a shirt?
I've seen it before.
When you were beaten up.
Thank you for this.
You didn't need
to come down here to return it.
That's not why I came.
I want to ask you something.
Why did you do it?
IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS
OF THE TRAGIC ACCIDENT
I don't believe you.
Many things in the world
are hard to believe.
You're just a laborer,
but you broke it without being told to?
By mistake?
Yes.
You're lying.
You did it on purpose, right?
What if I did?
Why does it concern you?
Is there a name
you recognize or something?
Or…
were you there?
You were, weren't you?
Hello?
Can anyone hear me?
Mommy.
Hello?
Anyone?
Is someone there?
There is.
Really?
I'm so relieved.
Where are you?
Can you move?
Hang on.
I can't see anything.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
Then I'll keep talking.
Follow my voice.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Are you okay?
I can't…
think of anything to say.
Why don't you sing a song?
I'm scared.
But I can't sing.
It's okay.
Please just sing.
Closer, come closer
Please come closer to me
It wasn't a dream that I met you
I see you.
Don't come any closer!
Don't come any closer.
You were singing a funny song.
Whose song is it?
Bulldog Mansion.
-Sorry?
-Don't you know Bulldog Mansion?
I don't.
You really don't know?
Looking for Mun-su?
You startled me.
She hasn't come to work yet.
You're clumsy not just on the stairs.
-Sorry?
-Look where you're going.
-Are you here to see me?
-No.
What business did you have with Ms. Ha?
Nothing that concerns you.
My private life concerns you?
Ms. Ha, you are my employee.
I don't want you to feel small.
You can date other women.
Just don't let me see it.
Do you think men and women
can just be friends?
It would drive you totally crazy.
You'd have to hide your feelings.
If you want to stay close to them
as a friend, you have no choice.
Subtitle translation by: Yoonjung Song